== Wordpress Ruby API

How to integrate your Wordpress Blog in your Rails App (or any Ruby App)? Enter this simple API Wrapper, which makes use of the excellent {JSON plugin}[http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/json-api/] for wordpress by Dan Phiffer.

== Requirements

* Install the {JSON-API plugin}[http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/json-api/] in your wordpress blog
* {HTTParty}[http://rubygems.org/gems/httparty] gem must be installed

== Configuration

Somewhere in your app (e.g. in an initializer file in Rails):
  
  WpRubyApi::Base.site = "http://path/to/your/wordpress-blog"

If you have permalinks enabled in wordpress:
  
  WpRubyApi::Base.permalinks = :enabled

This setting translates the request to either http://blog-path/api/json_method?params or http://blog-path?json=json-method&params. This is part of the JSON API.

== Usage

Start your app or hop into the console. You should be able to use methods like this:
  
  WpRubyApi::Post.all
  WpRubyApi::Post.find(3)
  WpRubyApi::Post.search("my search term")
  WpRubyApi::Post.by_category("my-category")
  WpRubyApi::Page.find('about')
  WpRubyApi::Comment.create({:name => "John Doe", :email => "mail@example.com", :content => "This is a comment!", :post_id => 1}) (requires activation in JSON API)

For more methods and documentation take a look at the code.

== Installation

Currently only available as a rails plugin.

== TODOs

* docs
* tests
* gemify

== Project Info

Thanks to John Nunemaker for creating HTTParty. It's awesome!

Copyright (c) 2010 Daniel Schoppmann, released under the MIT license
